hello Steve McGranahan here world's
strongest redneck today I'm going to do
a progressive thing I'm gonna take a
deck of cards all right and I'm gonna
rip it in my teeth you've all seen it
okay I'm gonna gradually move up and do
something I haven't done in a long time
and I probably only did it maybe ten
times so here we go all right now I'm
gonna rip it in the pack okay it's a
little bit harder in the pack now this
is the last one all right that took a
little longer it's about 20 degrees out
here in the winds blowing so it's really
cold and I haven't warmed my hands up
and it's about 8 o'clock in the morning
fine I already said that so sleep
deprivation - all right in the pack
cellophane couple Joker's in there and
Catina indication how hard that last one
was because I'm really not warmed up I
think so your breath out here Wow I
change the pressure in your head and
bring tears to Yas
do that cellophane pop that's pretty
cool
all right I'm gonna try to do one more
my thumb is killing me right now
well here we go all right I'm trying to
move everything bigger and higher I'm 51
years old now so I keep getting stronger
but here we go again another one
unopened in the pack in the cellophane
be smug baby alright go whoo next stop
probably wrap it in duct tape cuz you
know what everything tastes better with
duct tape ha ha
Steve McGranahan world's strongest
redneck taking the mandible card rip
mandible card rip to the next level baby
ha ha
Steve McGranahan world's strongest
redneck love you guys make sure you like
and share this video with everybody on
Facebook Twitter Instagram everything